README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
# green-guardian

Commit message:

Add readme for new project

README.md, after:

# Green Guardian

## Personal Finance App

Green Guardian is an all-in-one personal finance app designed to promote good financial decisions. It's an excellent resource for young adults learning to take control of their finances, as well as for adults who want to keep track of their income, expenses, and budgets.

### Features

Green Guardian includes:

- **Overview**: Displays current balance, income, expenses, savings pots, recent transactions, budget chart, and recurring bills
- **Transactions**: Detailed log of financial activities
- **Budgets**: Tools for creating and managing budgets
- **Pots**: Savings allocation feature
- **Recurring Bills**: Management of regular payments

### Technology Stack

Green Guardian is currently being developed as a Web App using:

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Clerk.dev](https://clerk.dev/)
- [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/)

### Future Plans

- Develop a mobile-friendly version using React Native for a seamless user experience across devices
